Get up, Qi Tian
I believe you.
Your Majesty, he was the culprit for 42 years back then
How can you trust him?
The king must not listen to his deceitful words
That order must be false
The generals obey
Go ahead and bow
Farewell to the Emperor of King's Landing, can't you worship?
Emperor
If you say goodbye to this photo today
All the glory of the first half of your life
Will be lost
The world is here with me
The emperor cannot be defeated
This defeat makes you an ordinary person
Your Majesty, you must think carefully
Your defeat
All your fame
Wealth and status will disappear
You will lose everything
Who said he would lose everything?
King's Landing
Even if the whole world abandons you
You still have me
I will support you for the rest of your life
Yufei, do you really not dislike me?
King's Landing
actually
I think it's nice that you are an ordinary person.
If you really are King's Landing Throat
Then it will be very stressful for me to get along with you.
OK
Start today.
I took off my armor and went home
Your Majesty, you will
Hugh, I will persuade you again.
Now as Lord of Landing
Give the last order
Everybody.
bow